README.md, before:

# Vite + React Template

This project is a template for building React applications using Vite. It includes a simple counter example and links to learn more about Vite and React.

## Features

- **Vite**: Fast and modern build tool.
- **React**: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **Tailwind CSS**: Utility-first CSS framework for styling.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 16 or higher)
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd template
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

### Development

Start the development server:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173`.

### Build

To create a production build:

```bash
pnpm build
```

### Preview

To preview the production build locally:

```bash
pnpm preview
```

## Learn More

- [Vite Documentation](https://vite.dev)
- [React Documentation](https://react.dev)
- [Tailwind CSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

update README to clarify project purpose and add usage instructions

README.md, after:

# Vite + React Template

This repository is a **template repository** for building React applications using Vite. It includes a simple counter example and links to learn more about Vite and React.

## Features

- **Vite**: Fast and modern build tool.
- **React**: A JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
- **Tailwind CSS**: Utility-first CSS framework for styling.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

Make sure you have the following installed:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (version 16 or higher)
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/)

### Using This Template

1. Click the "Use this template" button on the repository page.
2. Create a new repository from this template.

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
   cd template
   ```

2. Install dependencies:

   ```bash
   pnpm install
   ```

### Development

Start the development server:

```bash
pnpm dev
```

Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173`.

### Build

To create a production build:

```bash
pnpm build
```

### Preview

To preview the production build locally:

```bash
pnpm preview
```

## Learn More

- [Vite Documentation](https://vite.dev)
- [React Documentation](https://react.dev)
- [Tailwind CSS Documentation](https://tailwindcss.com)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
